[00:01:00] phase actually impacts our performance after the big Andromeda update. You will also learn different creative frameworks from static to video ads and learn the optimal testing strategies that will scale your ads profitably. By the end of this course, you will learn how to build meta ad campaigns like professionals. Clear,
[00:01:21] controlled, and most importantly, profitable. There's no such a thing as a bad product or a bad service. There's unclear testing and bad meta ads management. Whether you're just starting out or already running ads for your own products or you're managing big budgets for your big clients, this course will help you think, build, and scale like a professional
[00:01:41] digital marketer. So, if you're ready, let's get started. What is Meta Ads? Let's start from the beginning. Meta Ads is a paid advertising platform that allows businesses to reach millions of and billions of people depending on the country that you offer your services or products in. We can show our
[00:02:01] ads on Facebook just like this. We can show our ads on Instagram just like this. We can show our ads on Messenger just like this. Or we can show our ads on the audience network. These are Meta's partner websites just like this. So when people talk about Facebook ads, do not think
[00:02:21] your ads will only appear on Facebook or when you talk about Instagram ads, do not think that your ads will only appear on Instagram. It is called meta ads. And meta ads will use this whole ecosystem as we talked about Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and audience network to show your ads to get as
[00:02:41] many sales and leads possible. And why do we use meta ads? Meta ads by far the smartest algorithm out there. Why? because it is the oldest when it comes to advertising and they have a lot of data. So they can understand where your ads are going to convert, make the sale and

[... omitted ...]

[00:06:23] the case may be and I see an ad here. Also, you can see on the explore page here, right? We can see one ad appear right here. Right. So there is a lot of places your ads can appear. Let's move on. We have the messenger ads as well. So the these are not separate advertising
[00:06:44] platforms. This is all under the meta ads ecosystem and I you there's ways that you can control where you your you manage your ads to appear. I will show everything about that. But I am not a huge fan just to start from the beginning of specifically telling meta to place
[00:07:04] ads on a certain placement because that usually drops the performance. So, we let Meta to place the ads where they think it is most likely to convert because Meta is extremely smart when it comes to the algorithm. And when you let the algorithm decide, they're not going to place 90% of
[00:07:24] your ads on the Messenger and maybe 1% on Instagram and 8% on Facebook. That doesn't happen. 90% of your ad placement or of your budget will be on Facebook and Instagram and the rest two to five to 10% will be on messenger and audience network which
[00:07:44] is apps and other sites Meta is partnering with. So you don't have to worry about that overall and the messenger and the audience network usually takes a minuscule amount when it comes to having the ads being placed there. So we can see it will appear here the messenger ads and then once you click on it you can see on the right hand
[00:08:04] corner it will appear like that and also we have the audience network meta is partnering with hundreds of thousands of apps and sites. So your ads might appear there just like this example as we can see or on the right hand side we can see one more example you can see people can click and go to your
[00:08:24] website. Again, you don't have to worry about this a lot, but if you cl managing Facebook ads, meta ads for your client and they say, I only exclusively want my ads to appear on Facebook for instance, then not Instagram, not any other sites. You can specifically choose that. I will show you how to do it, but my honest
[00:08:44] suggestion, you shouldn't worry about that. So, this is the whole ecosystem that sits under meta ads. So when people talk about Instagram ads or just Facebook ads, they all sit under meta advertising. So hope this was clear. Let's jump into the next section. All right guys, we are now covering meta advertising
[00:09:04] funnel. So what is this funnel? We're going to be talking about this funnel a lot in the upcoming sections. So you are going to have some questions when I mention it. So I'm just going to cover what this funnel is and what each stage of the funnel really entails. So you're not going to have any questions when we comes to those
[00:09:25] sections. So everybody talks about a funnel, advertising funnel, but we also have a funnel in meta. What is this funnel, right? So we have a classic funnel. What is that funnel? So we have topofunnel to f. So if people refer to this in the advertising world, in the agency world, you're going to see this a lot.
[00:09:45] Or if you watch a Facebook ad tutorial video or about something else, people are going to be talking about to f to maf which is middle of funnel and bof which is bofu. They call it bofu mofu tofu as well but that basically means top of funnel, middle of funnel and bottom of funnel. So let's
[00:10:05] talk about what each means. So top of funnel usually refers to cold audiences. What does that mean? Cold audience. Basically, you know when you you used to play a game when a person you're searching for a person or searching for an item, when you get close to that item, it becomes warm and hot. But if you're away from it, you are
[00:10:25] cold. This is exactly the same thing. So, if a person haven't heard of your brand yet, you that person is a cold audience, right? They haven't heard of your brand before and it is the first time they're seeing your ads on Facebook or Instagram or messenger or audience network, right? So that is the first time they they haven't heard of you before.
[00:10:45] They don't know what you offer. So they basically a top offunnel audience. They haven't heard of you before and that audience is called. So basically that is all you need to know about this stage of this funnel. Right? So that is also called as people don't know you yet. They need to be aware
[00:11:05] of your brand and products. Then we have middle of funnel. So you're getting close to it, right? Instead of that when you think about that game getting close oh warm warm warm people used to clap in that game. And when you're getting close to that, meaning that audience becomes warm, that middle of funnel consists
[00:11:25] of people, they kind of know what you have to offer, that kind of know what that product basically helps with. They kind of know, they are aware of your brand, but they're not about to buy. They're not ready to buy it, right? So, an example, they maybe follow you on Instagram. They know you
[00:11:45] exist, right? but they they're not ready to buy yet. Or they may be seen your ads before. They are introduced to your brand and product and service, but they are not ready to buy yet. Right? They may have visited your website before, but they're not ready to buy yet, right? They haven't added to cart. They haven't checked out yet,
[00:12:06] right? They're not in a stage of buying. They maybe watched a video of your Facebook ad till the end, but they haven't visited your website. This is basically a warm audience. What is a hot audience? That's hot. You know, like you play that game, they clap clap clap. You're almost there finding that item.
[00:12:26] You're super close and that is basically hot. So that person is about to buy. They added to carts, but they maybe something came up, their mom called, their, you know, spouse called or, you know, they were driving. They said, "You know what? I'm going to do it later." They forgot, right? They added to carts. They forgot to buy these people. They've seen your ads many
[00:12:46] many many time but they have couple of objections right they're not sure about the pricing they're not sure about the shipping rates so on and so forth and they didn't and they didn't buy basically so or that could be a person who bought but you want to sell them again right that also counts as a hut or a bottom offunnel audience so they will buy
[00:13:06] eventually right so these audiences are easy to convert so these are really really really easy to convert lowh hanging ing fruits. So you have a retargeting ad and you can convert those people easily. Converting means getting them to buy or if you have a digital marketing agency or a you know cleaning

[... omitted ...]

[00:30:15] get $100,000 plus jobs in three months. That is how you revert it and no shocking or sensational content. You should avoid clickbaits all times. Right? You should not use clickbait at all guys. That is cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr critical critical critical and you should not use graphic imagery. So that counts
[00:30:35] as like so there's a blood in the ad or a person falling down car crash to gain attention in the first three seconds. Those are going to be shocking or sensational content and they will be banned, right? or fear-mongering as well. So if like the the world is the economy is collapsing, invest in housing,
[00:30:55] real estate, blah blah blah. So that is sensational content and fear-mongering. They will reject that and you will think I'm doing everything right, but you are not actually. And then we have to respect the brand guidelines. What does that mean? Every placement that we're going to cover has their own specs, right? If you use a really like a banner style vertical

[... omitted ...]

[00:34:37] name. So this will be your business manager name. Test test test. Okay. Since I just created this Facebook profile, you are not able to create an account. And I will just jump into an existing business manager where I have my Facebook profile already sitting for years. And if you just create a
[00:34:57] Facebook profile to attach a business manager, you will face this problem. You need an at least an hour to create a business manager. It is just a security reason guys. Just think about it. They don't want people to create a lot of profiles brand new to create business managers. They want a security. They want
[00:35:17] a person who is already existing have a profile on Facebook. That person can create a business manager. You just need a couple of hours if your profile, personal profile is brand new. But if it's not new, you won't have that issue. And I will show you what you will see. All right. Once you fill your information, this is the screen that you will

[... omitted ...]

[00:48:43] see the send requests, needs, review, so on and so forth. So, we covered overall settings, what is and is not important, and I will see you in the next one. Hey everybody, in this section, we're going to be covering a really important subject. This is all going to be theory. So take your hands off the keyboard and just watch this and understand
[00:49:03] this. So what is metapixel which is also known as data sets? They changed the name and it is right now known as data sets and you don't need to know which one is which. You can know it as data sets or pixels. So what is that? Think of it as a brain and I'm going to
[00:49:24] explain it very thoroughly. So take your hands off the keyboard and just focus on what I'm showing you here. Let's move on. So think of it like an invisible camera. What do I mean by this? Imagine you have a camera in your hand and then you can track what people are doing, right?
[00:49:44] So that invisible camera basically watches what people do. If they click a button, they will that invisible camera will track that. If they buy something, add something to cart, that invisible camera will see that. They fill up a forum, that invisible camera will
[00:50:04] see that. But if just come to come to your website and that invisible camera will see that. If you don't have that invisible camera, meta or Facebook ads or you won't be able to tell if that traffic is coming from meta ads. That's why that invisible camera
[00:50:24] is so so so important, right? So, so without that pixel, without that invisible camera, you are basically blind, right? Imagine you are flying a plane blindly. That is a suicide. So you won't know if your buyers are coming from Facebook ads, right? Let's
[00:50:44] say you are also doing organic social media and you are making some sales and then you introduce meta ads and then you don't know if they're coming from organic or meta. You have no clue if you have a shop. If you have a let's say lead generation like a form on your website and you get inquiries and you you have no
[00:51:04] idea if they're coming from organic or meta. maybe 100% of them are coming from meta ads and 0% from organic then it is a great idea to increase your meta ads budget but if that is vice versa if meta ads are doing nothing everything is coming from social media there is really no need to run meta ads right so for
[00:51:24] you to make that strategic decision the pixel is so important and you will also be able to tell which ad is bringing that sale let's say you have two videos, one single image, just a static ad you designed and then you don't know which one is bringing the sale, right? And you go
[00:51:44] into your Photoshop or Canva, you design more ads or just like the static ad, but you don't know because maybe the stat the video ad is driving that sale. Maybe a video that you are shooting, you know, how you package up your products are driving the sale. You don't know, right? So also on top of that you can
[00:52:04] train meta to bring more of the buyers right because that is not only for you it is also for meta imagine meta is a machine learning behind meta there's a machine learning algorithm so that algorithm will be able to understand okay that person is a buyer I will try to find more
[00:52:25] just like that person 25 years old let's say um goes to uni um planning to do his monsters, watches Netflix, loves action movies kind of stuff. So Meta understands creates a profile and finds more people like that, right? If you don't have that pixel, even if Meta is bringing you sales,
[00:52:46] Meta has no idea, right? It will just Meta is also working blindly. So, so what are we going to do with this information? So, let's think about this. This invisible camera is that pixel and we want to put that pixel or data set whatever you want to call it into your website and there's really simple integrations
[00:53:06] and it is completely free. You don't have to pay for anything. If you have an e-commerce website, let's say Shopify, WooCommerce, whatever it is, there are pretty much free plugins that you use to automatically install that. But if you have a lead generation website, we might need to work a little bit. I will show you how to do that. But you have to put
[00:53:26] that code into your website. So once you put that code into your website, you start observing your customers action and you know this and also Meta knows this, right? That is also so so so important. So, if you have two identical ad accounts, one with the pixel, one without the pixel, and
[00:53:46] you're spending, let's say, 10 $10,000 a month in both of them, and you have the same exact creatives, images, videos, same exact ads, and the one with the pixel is going to drive more sales because there's the algorithm learning, not just you, right? So, that is learning.
[00:54:06] So what ends up happening is you will show your ads to more people who are more likely to buy that is not you specifically do and also you can do that as well like you see certain ads are bringing more sales you design more of those ads plus meta algorithm will try to find more people like that and
[00:54:26] also again as we covered this which ads are bringing the sale which ad copy is bringing the sale which targeting is bringing the sale also there's a little more advanced setting that we're going to cover advanced way of running Facebook ads creating lookalike audiences. You can create lookalike audiences based
[00:54:46] on let's say you tell Meta that that is super easy to do. I will show you as well uh when we move along in this course. You will say to Meta, look Meta, I want you to find people who are just like my buyers, past buyers in the 180 days. just go and find people like that. You tell
[00:55:06] that to meta because meta is able to do that because you have that data set and the pixel inside. So that is the pixel and I will show you in the next modules how to put that code into your website so you can integrate and freely easily without a problem. All right, hope this made
[00:55:26] sense. I will see you in the next one. in this Shopify store. First, we want to download the Facebook and Instagram app. So, we're gonna type in Facebook and Instagram. Click on this and we want to download install this. It will ask you to install the app. We're going to say install. All right guys, now

[... omitted ...]

[01:46:17] And if you say so show more settings, you have a campaign spending limits. I do not usually set this. So, this is usually a safety reasons. Uh, that means basically if I spend $1,000, pause everything, right? Basically, we're not going to do that. We have advantage plus catalog ads. Since
[01:46:37] we haven't connected our catalog yet, we're not going to have anything here. So, do not worry about that. Now, we have the budget. Do we have a campaign budget or adset budget? So, previously, this was known as and CBO. CBO means campaign budget optimization. means
[01:46:57] adset budget optimization. So we're not going to focus on this too much because we are just looking at the settings. I will cover the differences but I will just briefly touch on this. So when you say campaign budget this will basically be you whatever you let's say you have five targeting underneath this campaign five
[01:47:17] different adsets and this basically will distribute the budgets in those adsets depending on the performance. So you're not going to spend equally in each adset. So if you do adset budget though you will set your budgets in the adset level. You can see this is the adset. This is
[01:47:37] the campaign and this is the ad level. Right? So campaign adset ad. If you do adset budget, you set your budget on the adset level. And you can say I want to spend, you know, $10 a day on this on this audience. I want to spend $10 a day on this audience. I want to spend $10 a day on this audience.
[01:47:57] If you do that, that will make sense. I will talk about the common campaign structures. You can choose which one is for you as well. So this is basically it guys. So in this section, let's say we want to do campaign budget here and you set a daily budget. Let's say you can set a lifetime budget as well. But I usually suggest a daily budget. Meaning
[01:48:18] by the way guys, the minimum budget I suggest should be $10. I'm talking about Australian dollars. If you're in US, it will be, you know, $8 US or something. And it depends on wherever you are in terms of location. So you can also set lifetime. When do you set lifetime instead of a daily budget? If you set lifetime,
[01:48:38] it hurts the optimization a little bit. The reason mean is you will give a limited time for that campaign and before it poses the campaign ends, you come in and extend the time like it ends. But usually there are some use cases. For example, let's say there's a Black Friday campaign and you were saying,

[... omitted ...]

[01:53:01] a given um given days of the week and certain hours right hope this makes sense we have the AB test feature I do not suggest you use this one I'm going to tell you how to use it properly without this and then we have audio audience segment reporting. We're going to cover that in a more advanced. So, this is
[01:53:21] a more advanced section, but you don't have to do anything because it is a brand new uh ad account and we don't have any audiences defined yet. So, we're not going to worry about this. And then we have special ad categories. This is really really important guys. The reason it is so important because if you are in one of those categories and
[01:53:41] if you don't declare your special ad category, Meta will ban or reject your ads most likely and you won't be able to run ads. Right? So let's take a look what are those. So if you come here and we will see financial products and services, right? So if you are advertising a crypto something cryptoreated you have
[01:54:01] to claim this that it will let you run but you need a document as I covered previously in those in the in the first videos that I covered. So if you say this and you have to select the specific country that you're advertising and if you have your legitimate you know I'm allowed to blah blah blah. This is my

[... omitted ...]

[03:33:16] that you think are relevant and Meta will take that as a guidance. And if you let's say increase your budget to a thousand, four creatives won't be enough, right? If you let's say increase your budget to $100 a day, you want to have at least six to 10 creatives. And let's say you increase your budget to let's say $1,000 a
[03:33:36] day. You want to have at least 20 creatives running simultaneously. So let's cover one more popular campaign setup. And this is a really similar campaign setup. We have one campaign, we have one ad set and four ads. The only thing different here is we are doing a broad targeting. What
[03:33:57] does a broad targeting mean? We basically do not target any interests like we did here. We don't target any behaviors, any job titles, nothing whatsoever. We are just targeting age and gender. Let's say 18 to 35 male or 18 to 35 all genders. And we let Meta find
[03:34:17] the ideal users for us. And you will see in most cases for especially with e-commerce if you have an e-commerce like if you're selling products online e-commerce works extremely well with this broad targeting guys. So, of course, you still want to target a certain gender and age if you have a specific gender,
[03:34:37] but do not add any targeting because men's algorithm is so smart. In seven days, they will find the ideal user in a in in just like a click, right? And the only difference you have is the targeting. You're just targeting literally all the interests. The only like it is the similar structure in
[03:34:57] terms of the budget. You can start with $10 a day with this one and go as high as $1,000 a day. I mean, you can go as high as $10,000 a day. I've seen ad accounts $10,000 a day in one adset. And they just add new creatives here. They maybe have 50 different creatives here. Add
[03:35:17] one, add two, add three, add four, add 50, like up to 50 ads running simultaneously. They're doing broad targeting and it works like magic. You will be surprised. Let's go down. Let's take a look at another campaign setup. This campaign setup is a little bit different because we have two campaigns running simultaneously. We have one
[03:35:37] campaign and this example is using let's say a $100 a day setup. So, I don't recommend if you are running $10 a day budget with this campaign structure. The reason I do not recommend this because for a retargeting campaign, this is a retargeting campaign. You need at least a certain budget

[... omitted ...]

[03:39:20] have different stack of audience which are meaningful together that could be running shoes that could be um you know running accessories that could be fitness accessories fitness shoes tennis shoes so I have a different stack of audiences here which make sense together and I have the same four ads and on the other adset I
[03:39:40] have broad targeting and I'm letting meta find the audiences here and after a while you will see these two adsets let's say after two months are driving majority of the sale and very profitable and then you can come in and pause this adset this is a really common one as well and keep in mind we are using adset budget sorry
[03:40:00] campaign budget optimization so meta will decide let's So you have 100 here. They might spend only $5 on this one, $50 on this one, and $45 on this one. So it will up to it will be up to meta basically. And if you go down, we have one more campaign setup which is almost similar exactly
[03:40:20] the same as this one. The only difference is we are using adset budget optimization here. What does that mean? So up there we let Meta decide where what to spend on each adset. But here we are controlling what we spend on each adset here. That is the difference. So
[03:40:40] what we're doing let's say on the adset one on interest stack adset we're spending 40% of the budget right? We're controlling the budget. So we are spending let's say uh $40 here right? Let's say it is $40 on this one. 40% of the budget and we have $100 a day in total and
[03:41:00] we have here a broad targeting adset and we also want to spend another 40% of the budget. So we are basically spending the equal amounts and we have a retargeting adset. So you don't need to create a separate retargeting campaign if you are using ads set budget optimization. So in our
[03:41:20] case we are using adset budget optimization and we have $40 on this adset and interest stack and we have $40 on this one which is broad targeting letting meta decide and $10 on let's say people who visited our website right we covering the full funnel middle of funnel top of funnel
[03:41:40] and bottom of funnel so we targeting cold audiences warm audiences and hot audiences in just one campaign the only thing is we want to have different creatives for our retargeting campaign. Keep that in mind. This is also a really common campaign build. You will see that a lot. Let's go down and

[... omitted ...]

[05:33:44] But the 1% is the closest mesh. The sim smaller audience, higher quality, but the most similar to your seed audience. The bigger that number gets, the broader it is, the broader the reach, the higher number of people and less likely they are similar. But you will have
[05:34:04] that question guys. Meaning then everybody would be using 1% lookalike and it usually performs the best. Then why do we bother using you know 10% 8% 7%. And the the the answer to that is it is not usually the case that 1% works the best. It is quite rare guys. So you will test
[05:34:24] what are the common testings. I will cover that once we jump into the platform. But usually 3 to 6, 0 to 3, 3 to 9, like you should test one another and you usually see like a random number like 3 to six or 6 to 9 or maybe 5 to 10 performs really
[05:34:44] really well and not the closest one, not the smallest one, not the 1% or 0ero to 1% works the best. So keep that in mind. I mean the more similar doesn't mean works the best. And the also the important thing is the seed audience. The bigger your seed audience is the better it is going
[05:35:05] to perform. Say you only have thousand people who bought from you in the past 180 days and it will be hard for Meta to find new people because they only have thousands. The sample size is so small. But if you have 100,000 people purchased from you in the last 180 days, Meta will have a
[05:35:25] lot of data points to find similar people to that 100,000. A lot more commonalities. They will see, okay, this these people do this at this exact time and show your ads on at those exact times. So keep that in mind. And when do we use these lookalike audiences? What are the common times or ways when
[05:35:45] we use lookalikes? So for low ticket e-commerce meaning if you have pro if you're selling products below $100 and you have a clothing brand and you're selling t-shirts right and your average order value is let's say the common basket value if you look at Shopify is let's say $60 usually look alikes don't work
[05:36:05] really really well and lookalike audiences are usually expensive audiences so you know how we are charged cost per thousand impressions and CPMs on lookalike audience audiences are usually the highest compared to detail targeting. So we usually use lookalike audiences for lead generation. The reason
[05:36:25] we do that because we upload a custom list or we say okay these are the leads I've gotten or you can say you know you have the leads and some of those leads converted right let's say you get some people's information and let's say 10% of that converted instead of uploading the whole people became a lead you
[05:36:45] only upload those people who converted right you sold them over the phone and those are high quality and if you upload that and create a lookalike awful of that audience that will be really really high quality. So for lead generation it becomes essential essential essential and then high ticket e-commerce as well. So
[05:37:05] those are not your average people they buy products about $200 $300 and then that becomes a really high ticket product which is extremely extremely good for you to create a lookalike audience. and let's jump into the platform and I will show you how to create lookalike audiences. Okay, we are in Meta
[05:37:25] Ads Manager and let's say we come into one of the adsets. And usually guys, if you are doing look alikes, I do want you to create these lookalike audiences in a separate adset. Do not mix lookalike audiences and your interest targeting. It usually messes up the learning and it doesn't help

[... omitted ...]

[06:03:20] and how can you see if your ads are learning? So when you are in the adset level you will see the learning in the adset level as you guys can see here and also you will have to enable that delivery column. So go to the columns and click on delivery and you will see this learning right here. So that means
[06:03:40] basically you are in the learning phase currently. So how do you get out of the learning phase right? So it is a phase. So you don't you want to get out of the learning phase so meta understands your ideal avatar and gets you the best possible results. So you need to get 50 results
[06:04:00] in a week after a last significant edit. What is a result? So guys we selected sales as a campaign objective and then in the adset level we looked at what is the optimization result right? So you can choose let's say add to cardarts purchase conversion but we want to say conversions
[06:04:20] but when you said conversions you need to have 50 of them 50 of the sales leads whatever the case may be in one week. So that is a big big number. So that is the reason why I suggest do not make big changes. So you need to have 50 results
[06:04:40] meaning conversion events in a week after your adsets last significant edit. So what is a last significant edit? So meta considers these as a significant edit any change to targeting. So you add an interest or remove an interest change to add creatives and you change the optimization event.
[06:05:01] So let's say you are optimizing towards sales and then you change it to let's say add to cart or that is a significant edit as well. Adding a new ad to your adsets also a significant edit. Pausing adset for 7 days or longer that puts it back to the learning phase. And if you change the
[06:05:21] bit strategy for instance add cost cap bitcap we haven't covered that yet but if you change that. So what to do? Wait until your adset is out of the learning phase. Again, if your budget is too small, you are not going to get out of the learning phase. And I have different strategies for that. But this is for if you have the ability to
[06:05:41] get out of the learning phase with enough budget. Avoid unnecessary edits, guys. Like put the creatives in and do not touch it too many times. Do not create too many adsets. So that's a big one guys. So as I said even on the retargeting section do not create you know minuscule different targeting
[06:06:01] interests stuff in in different adsets that is not going to help you that is going to hurt you guys. So the reason I say you know amalgamate and put all of the adsets into one and have a one big stacked audience one big stacked adset that will help you get out of the learning phase way faster. And don't
[06:06:21] set budgets too low. Let's say if your daily budget is $10, $40, $100, you're not going to get 50 conversions, at least 50 sales in one week, right? $100 a day. I mean, your cost per purchase has to be I mean, you have $700 a week, right? So, your cost per purchase has to be extremely
[06:06:41] low for you to get out of the learning phase. So, you have to have realistic budgets. All right, let's move on. And let's say you are you don't have enough budget and then for you to get out of the learning phase cost per purchase is high you will be in learning limited phase. So that is basically not a phase
[06:07:01] but that meta is telling you look I'm I'm I got stuck and you're not receiving 50 optimization events in a week after your last significant edit that is basically keep you stuck in that learning limited phase. So Meta is not achieving that optimal optimal phase where you can find better better people or better
[06:07:21] target audience to get your ads to convert in a really better rate. So don't expect a magical number if you get out of the learning phase. I mean it's not going to improve like 100%. Um just consider your ads are going to improve by 20% 30% right if you get out of the learning phase. So being in
[06:07:41] the learning limited is not end of the world. So do not really get upset about it. So I've seen many ad accounts keep in mind um the client is going to tell you look Jim like my cost per lead is $100. Let's say they're selling something really expensive and their cost per lead industry average the minimum is like 50 bucks. Let's
[06:08:01] say and their budget they cannot go beyond let's say $1,000 or let's say $3,000 a month. with that calculation, your daily budget is going to be small, right? Like what is that? 30 bucks a 30 bucks a day, something like that. There's no way you're going to get out of the learning phase with that budget. And if that's the case, you do not have
[06:08:21] to like um think of, oh, okay, this is not going to be profitable for the client. There's no way we are going to get out of the learning phase. I mean, don't get stuck in that mindset because you still can be profitable and you still can get great results. I've seen many clients, they make such good results, such good money
[06:08:42] with learning limited in many of their adsets. So, it it it also depends in different factors like that is not the only thing that impacts meta. So, that will maybe hurt your performance by 20%, 15%, that's it, not not more. So keep that in mind and don't get really stuck. The main thing that
[06:09:02] is going to impact your performance is your creative. Keep that in mind. So if you want to get out of the learning phase, there are some couple of things we can do. Combine adsets and campaigns. As I said, do not had a lot of different campaigns. I've seen like some ad accounts, they have separate lookalike campaigns. I mean, there's no need for a lookalike
[06:09:22] campaign, right? You need you can maybe have lookalike adsets but maybe you you you don't want to have like separate interests like shoe interests, competitor interests, um your engage shoppers, different assets. You don't have to have separate assets. Put them into one and
[06:09:42] you will get better results. Raising budgets is the best one. I mean, if you if your budget is too low, you're not going to have enough optimization events and and that is not going to get you out of the learning phase. And if you have bid control or cost control as a bid strategy, you want to raise that. We're going to cover the bit strategies as well. And that
[06:10:02] will help you get out of the learning phase as well. And another one where people do, but I don't do and suggest, I just want you to know what other people do, changing the optimization events. So that will help you get out of the learning phase a lot faster. But again with a small budget you will still be in that phase. I will show you what I
[06:10:22] mean by that. So you come to your ads manager here. What they do guys they click edit to then to an adset and here let's say we are in in our adsets. We will go down. So we can see the conversion event. They change this to link clicks or something like that. So which is not ideal. I know. So I will show you how they do it. Say
[06:10:42] they just duplicate this adsets and duplicate with the original setup. Yes. So let's say I'm duplicating my camp adset here. What they do this is the conversion event, right? So they change this from purchase to at to cart. So of course you're going to get a lot more add to carts in in a week. Maybe 50
[06:11:02] up to 50 add to carts with a small budget, but you're not going to get 50 purchases. All right? So say an example could be you get maybe 70 at to carts but like 20 or 20 or 15 to 30 purchases. So there's no way with that budget you're going to get out of the learning fees. And if you you're running ads for client and they can't
[06:11:22] increase their budget you can say look I'm going to change it to add to cart and meta will find who is adding to cart more. Then once you have that if your performance improves you duplicate that adset and then add a um let's say change this to a purchase right or some people do like we have content as well this is
[06:11:42] the easiest one you can get out of the learning phase a lot faster a lot faster conversion if you change the conversion event so guys that is basically it and I really not my personal suggestion to do it because meta will try to find the more about more of those people who are going to add to cart instead of purchasing
[06:12:02] and they're going to they're going to optimize towards the wrong thing which I do not suggest really. All right guys, that was it for the learning phase. Don't get too attached to it mentally. But if you have the ability to increase the budget and amalgamate the different audiences into one adset, do it. That's your number one thing.
[06:12:23] Increasing the budget is also one of those important things. But again, if your client is not going to, do not think it is going to hurt your performance like crazy. So, you will see 20 to 30% improvements if you get out of the learning phase and you will have a green box which says active. So, if that's the case,
[06:12:43] kudos, you're doing great job. Sometimes you get out of the learning phase at 49 48 conversion events per week. So, it is not exactly 50, but again, don't get too attached to it. creatives matter the most. All right, I will see you in the next one. Hey everybody, in this section we're going to be talking about Meta Ads creatives and this is going to be
[06:13:03] an intro, a soft intro. So, we're not going to get super super technical in this section. I'm just going to talk about how Meta Ads is evolving. So, the role the core role of Meta Ads creative is changing. The targeting is getting less and less accurate and meta algorithm is getting more and more smarter.
